Update readme for v0.3.3 release tag (#20)
glotaran/pyglotaran-examples: README.md

# pyglotaran-examples

> This repository hold examples showcasing the use of the pyglotaran package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository holds examples showcasing the use of the [`pyglotaran`](https://github.com/glotaran/pyglotaran) package.
```
